Relational Database Management System (RDBMS): A relational database management system (RDBMS) is a program that allows you to create, update, and administer a relational database. 
Most relational database management systems use the SQL language to access the database.


What is a Database?
A database is a set of data stored in a computer. This data is usually structured in a way that makes the data easily accessible.

What is a Relational Database?
A relational database is a type of database. It uses a structure that allows us to identify and access data in relation to another piece of data in the database. Often, data in a relational database is organized into tables.

Tables: Rows and Columns
Tables can have hundreds, thousands, sometimes even millions of rows of data. These rows are often called records.
 The set of columns and data types make up the schema of this table.
Tables can also have many columns of data. Columns are labeled with a descriptive name (say, age for example) and have a specific data type.

For example, a column called age may have a type of INTEGER (denoting the type of data it is meant to hold).

SQL (Structured Query Language) is a programming language used to communicate with data stored in a relational database management system. SQL syntax is similar to the English language, 
    which makes it relatively easy to write, read, and interpret.

MySQL
    MySQL is the most popular open source SQL database. It is typically used for web application development, and often accessed using PHP.
    The main advantages of MySQL are that it is easy to use, inexpensive, reliable (has been around since 1995), and has a large community of developers who can help answer questions.
    Some of the disadvantages are that it has been known to suffer from poor performance when scaling, open source development has lagged since Oracle has taken control of MySQL, 
    and it does not include some advanced features that developers may be used to.

PostgreSQL
    PostgreSQL is an open source SQL database that is not controlled by any corporation. It is typically used for web application development.
    PostgreSQL shares many of the same advantages of MySQL. It is easy to use, inexpensive, reliable and has a large community of developers. It also provides some additional features such as 
    foreign key support without requiring complex configuration.
    The main disadvantage of PostgreSQL is that it can be slower in performance than other databases such as MySQL. It is also slightly less popular than MySQL.
    For more information about PostgreSQL including installation instructions, read this article.
    You could use varchar(n), char(n), or text. Each type has its own subtle differences.

Oracle DB
    Oracle Corporation owns Oracle Database, and the code is not open sourced.
    Oracle DB is for large applications, particularly in the banking industry. Most of the world’s top banks run Oracle applications because Oracle offers a powerful combination of technology and comprehensive, 
    pre-integrated business applications, including essential functionality built specifically for banks.
    The main disadvantage of using Oracle is that it is not free to use like its open source competitors and can be quite expensive.

SQL Server
    Microsoft owns SQL Server. Like Oracle DB, the code is close sourced.
    Large enterprise applications mostly use SQL Server.
    Microsoft offers a free entry-level version called Express but can become very expensive as you scale your application.

SQLite
    SQLite is a popular open source SQL database. It can store an entire database in a single file. One of the most significant advantages this provides is that all of the data can be stored locally 
    without having to connect your database to a server.
    SQLite is a popular choice for databases in cellphones, PDAs, MP3 players, set-top boxes, and other electronic gadgets. The SQL courses on Codecademy use SQLite.
    For more info on SQLite, including installation instructions, read this article.
    Store text in a SQLite database, you’ll use the TEXT data type.